hi Rob it's Randy here again from Randy
cycle service and we're working on the
estimate now for the Honda CL 175 for
you and just wanted to kind of show you
a little bit of the process of what's
going on here and again just to include
you in it basically we've got it up on
the left and we're just kind of doing
her overall assessment right now we're
looking at the chrome where I cleaned a
little spot just to kind of see how it
is now we've got a little rash on the
front of the fender here and a little
pitting in the chrome which is not to be
unexpected for the age of the bike
however the exhaust cleaned up very
nicely just the one little spot so
that's going to be a nice thing that's
good to see and that's also a kind of a
rare part as well so we'll be able to
save that make it look really nice we
also went around and did the rear fender
as well just clean a little spot on it
just to see how it was in the wheels and
now the next step we're gonna do is run
a compression test on it just to tell us
the state of the engine and so we'll
detail that here and then keep moving
along alright we're now ready to do the
compression test on this bike as you'll
notice it looks a little different than
it did the first time around that's
because we had to remove the tank and
both side covers and air cleaner
assemblies because well if carburetor
slides were stuck from sitting for so
long because those carburetor slides are
stuck we can't properly do a compression
test because we need to open the
throttle wide open to allow the engine
to get as much air in as possible while
we're doing the compression test so now
here we are compression gauge is
installed in the left hand cylinder I'm
holding the gauge in my hand we're gonna
turn the key on I've got it connected to
an auxilary battery we're gonna open
this throttle completely open and hold
it open and we're gonna give it a crank
and see where the compression goes
okay we're at about 160 pounds which is
absolutely excellent that's just what
we're looking for now we're going to go
over we're gonna do the right hand
cylinder all right now we're over here
on the right side Deeb's is installed in
the right cylinder throttle wide open
key on and we're gonna start cranking
okay we turn the key all the way on and
we're almost 200 pounds on the right
side which is even better the
discrepancy may just be from the fact
that it's sat for a long time
Carbon behind the Rings possibly just
dry cylinders so again not any cause for
concern but certainly excellent
compression the bike should run on that
obviously we will have a lot of other
issues to tackle here but at least we
know we've got a solid engine to start
with so there you have that part of it
there and we'll move on with our
estimate and keep going along on the
seal 170 all right so we've basically
finished up our assessment here on the
CL 175 and looked everything over
thoroughly of course we've got it back
in one piece again and we really didn't
find any surprises just the usual that
we expect to find for anything of this
age and judging from the initial
assessment the initial estimate it looks
like you're gonna have a very nice bike
very clean very writable and most of all
very reliable bike when everything said
and done and something that you can
enjoy for many years so that's part of
the process that's how we do this and
you'll get to see more as we move along
and starting on the project and building
it from there
you